# Trial Marketing Sparring Notes 2019-02-08

Where we are. We've covered generating the initial interest and we have
produced information about the service. We intent to go out now, instead of
waiting the page to be perfect. We got one inbound already and few meetings are
on their way. Also Teemu politely hinted we could be calling alrady. ;)

**Initial Interest** -> **Information** -> Quote -> deal

## Recap Tactics

How far we can go: first is most effiicent, last scales the best if works.

* Founder examplains
* A sales person with privacy/security background explains
* A normal sales person explains
* Online material explains (videos, socail media badges combined with ads)

We focus on the landing page. E.g. no separate deck, etc. If the landing page
does not work, fix that instead of generating more material.

## Landing page

If there is a checkbox, we intent to update it before the launch. If not,
update later if needed and time.

* Researchers logos in the service would provide confort for new user
* [ ] Four headline features is too much, consider dropping one?
* [ ] "Free time" does not connect, consider using travel.
  * The original reason for choosing "Free time" was that there are no good
    other products to help employees in their free time. Someone may think
    AV or VPN is all they need to protect employees (for example when
    traveling).
* [ ] Founder quote later
* [ ] "Win Hearts and Minds" does not tell enough. Think better way to compress the
  point.

* [ ] "Lanhcing soon!" tag and * Contact -> Contact sales to radiate our confidence to the reader
* Could there be a free try-out?

## Packages

Again, some are features, focus on benefits.

* [ ] Intro email template -> Introduction to your employees
* [ ] Badrap guides you to fix the problem (instead of "textual instructions")
* [ ] Fitsec asset tracker needs more info: a link or tooltip.
